[party music playing]
Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah!
What? Why are you dancing?
You're supposed to be brainstorming ideas
for something to do on the mayor's float
at the Founder's Day Parade!
Well, we were brainstorming,
but then it turned into...
[music on]
..a dance party!
Like all our brainstorming sessions!
[Tom] Ha ha! Yeah!
[music stops]
Guys, this is important.
Tom's the new mayor.
His presentation at this parade
will set the tone for the whole year.
Lucky for you, I've prepared something
that's really going to impress the crowd.
Hm. "Our cyclical municipal
dynamics of..."
[snores]
Ben, this is just a boring speech.
B-b-b-boring speech?
It's a detailed summary
of the state of the town!
You're the mayor. What are you gonna do?
Dance around for people?
Whoa! That's it!
My presentation will be a big mayor dance!
Yeah, thanks.
[music on]
-Smart brain-thought, Ben.
-No, that's not what I--
Yeah, Ben. We are picking up
what you are throwing down!
[Tom] I'm feeling the mayor groove!
[drumming, wild animal calls]
OK, this is fun, but if we could just
get back to the data.
Oh, yeah. I can work the data in.
Ooh.
Oh! Ow! My knee!
-Aw, man.
-Oh, Ben.
Look what you did. How am I going to do
my big mayor dance now?
Don't blame Ben. He didn't know
his idea was so dangerous!
My idea was fine!
You guys just didn't listen to me!
-Didn't we? Thought we did.
-Agh!
♪ Wa-oah ♪
I am sorry that you managed to hurt
your own leg,
but I have something that can help.
-Will it fix my twisted knee?
-No.
It will fix the communication problem
that led to your twisted knee.
-What communication problem?
-We do not speak at the same level.
Because I am very smart and the rest
of you are...smart-challenged.
So, I created the Brainerator!
[fanfare]
What does this thing do?
[bleeping] Please describe
the functionality of this device.
It takes what I call garage talk
and converts it to brilliant Ben-cabulary!
Ben, the problem isn't the way we talk.
It's the way you talk.
-What do you mean?
-I'm sorry. Let me translate.
[enunciates] The problem
isn't the way we talk
it's the way you talk.
[bleeping] The quandary we face
is not our lack of vocabulary
but rather your inability to speak
in a way that connects with your friends.
Oh! Huh! See?
We're communicating already.
[Ben] I just want to have an intellectual
conversation once in a while.
-[Xenon] You have them with me, Benbug.
-I know, Zeenie-Panini.
But I wish I could have them with Tom
and the rest of the gang.
Well, if you're looking for some friends
who are as smart as you,
you should join the SMARTIES.
[gasps] The Super Mentally Advanced Really
Truly Intellectually Endowed Society?
-Are you a member?
-Of course. There's chapters everywhere.
You should go
to one of their SMARTIE parties.
Pst, I couldn't help but overhear.
Are you looking for a new hat?
No, dummy! This is a computer store.
Go away!
Ben, that's SMARTIES secret code.
This one seeks an initiation.
Follow me.
Aaagh!
Huh?
Hm.
[gasps]
Wow!
This is impressive-- Oh!
Welcome to the SMARTIE party.
We'll need two forms of genius, please.
Uh, let's see. I've got a letter
from my high school science teacher.
I always carry it around.
And of course, my new invention,
the Brainerator.
-That is a wonderful invention!
-Oh, great.
Now if you'll excuse me, I really wouldn't
mind some of that red punch.
Ah-ah! Punch is for SMARTIES,
but you are not a SMARTIE yet.
First, you have to prove
that you're not just a... normal.
Activate the Test Tube!
Aagh! Hey, what's going on?
Huh? Wait a minute!
I recognize these numbers.
It's the Fibonacci Sequence.
The next number is 987.
Arthropods.
A pangolin!
Covalence bonds!
Octahedron!
Decahedron!
Dodecahedron!
And that is Orion's Belt.
Looks a little tight, if you ask me.
Maybe Orion needs to stop eating
so much Crab Nebula!
[SMARTIES laugh]
A perfect score. And one extra point
for that delightful pun.
Here's your official headgear.
Welcome to the SMARTIES!
[applause]
[SMARTIE] Huzzah!
Finally. My people!
If I can't dance, what am I going to do
in the Founder's Day Parade?
[Ginger] Okay.
Check out what Hank is doing.
You could impress the crowd
by catching food in your mouth.
[Tom] Uh. What does that have to do
with the town?
Uh, it's like the popcorn is crunchy
and you're a good mayor.
So then, the thing is, I don't know,
you figure it out.
-Popcorn me, Hank.
-Here it comes.
Yeah. I'm not sure that'll set the exact
tone I'm going for as mayor, but thanks.
There's not going to be much you can do
with a busted wheel. Hm.
I've got it! What if you sing?
♪ But I'm a terrible singer ♪
♪ Maybe a little higher ♪
You mean like...
[higher] ♪ This? ♪
[higher] ♪ No, more like this ♪
Oh...
[both] ♪ A-ahh ♪
[giggles]
[Angela and Tom] ♪ Aaah! ♪
-Aah!
-Hey, Ben!
W...what is that crazy square thing
on your head?
It's not a crazy square thing.
It's my official SMARTIES headgear.
You probably have not heard of them -
the Super Mentally Advanced Really
Truly Intellectually Endowed Society.
[Hank] Oh. I thought you said
they were called the SMARTIES.
Oh, Hank. The gaping chasm between us
has never been more apparent.
Oh, I get it now. Ben joined a hat club.
-Good job, Ben.
-Ugh!
This is what I was talking about before!
It's like we're not even speaking
the same vernacular.
-Or the same language.
-But-- That's-- Ugh.
[Angela] Hey, you must be the SMARTIES.
Ah, yes. This is my friend, Angela.
She's a singer.
Oh, a vocalist.
So what do you sing about?
Mostly love. Oh, and friendship.
[sniggers] Love and friendship.
How original!
Are you for or against it?
Let me guess. For!
Definitely for.
[SMARTIES laugh]
[Ben joins in]
Hm!
[music playing]
[laughs]
Ha ha ha.
[scribbling]
[Tom] What?
Huh?!
Ah, I see you've got a hat, too.
Yeah. Parade's today, and I'm going
to make this limp work for me
by doing my old prospector character.
[frail voice] Oh, cinnamon and gravy!
I done staked my claim out yonder!
Well, that is... horrid.
Do you know who would come up
with something a little bit better?
-The SMARTIES.
-Yeah.
Maybe they could teach me
how to be a jerky know-it-all.
What? They're not jerky.
-They're just smart.
-[Angela] Hey, Tom.
You ready to get your parade on?
Hey, Ben!
Did you finally ditch
those rotten SMARTIES?
Everybody lay off. I like the SMARTIES.
They're just like me.
They're not just like you.
They're mean and snobby.
You're just jealous I finally have friends
that are my intellectual peers.
Ben, we've got a surprise for you.
-It's a surprise for all of you!
-A bigger Brainerator.
Usually, we make tech smaller,
but you've done the unexpected.
Yes, we reverse-engineered your invention
to create the No-Brainerator!
The sun's circumference
is more than 4.3 million kilometers
and its core temperature
is 15 million degrees.
[bleeping]
[Tom's voice, slowly]
The sun is big and hot!
-[both laugh]
-Delightful!
Whoa, hey, hey! That sounds like me.
Yes, it is you.
But I don't want you to feel left out.
[bleeping]
[Angela's voice] The sun is big and hot!
-[SMARTIES laughing]
-[Hank's voice] The sun is big and hot!
I've got to admit,
it's a good impression of me.
-Hank, it's embarrassing.
-Only if you care what they think.
Hank, that... that's true. Huh.
I don't care if these guys
try to embarrass me.
I know who my real friends are.
So have fun with your SMARTIES, Ben.
[as old prospector] I reckon it's time for
the parade. I think I saw it over yonder.
-Um, hm-mm?
-They were too dumb even to be insulted!
-[SMARTIES laughing]
-Delightful!
[both laughing]
-Huh?
-The No-Brainerator!
Tom was right. You really are a bunch
of jerky know-it-alls.
I'm quitting the SMARTIES.
[as old prospector] I stake my claim
on this here town.
[crowd booing]
-Ah, the mayor's routine makes no sense!
-Boo!
[Angela] Tom, we have to do
something else. Maybe we can dance you.
Wha...?
-Whoa!
-[crowd cheering]
-Whoa! Huh!
-Whoa!
[Tom] Oh, no! No!
-Huh?
-Gotcha.
[strains]
[Tom] Ah.
Is there room on the float
for one more... friend?
Are you here to make fun of us again?
Because if you are, make it quick.
No, I'm here to help you guys...
my real friends.
-If you'll let me.
-Hm.
[Tom] Uh... Well...
-Uh... Inherently, Ben. Inherently.
-Well, that's not what inherently means.
I think you-- Oh, who cares?
Let's move to the mayor's groove!
[party music plays]
[Angela] Yeah! Check it out!
Yeah! Whoo!
[all whooping]